This, this, Jay Chou lives here
The Zhou family is holding a funeral
God's will
Go regardless of the world
What the hell?
Zhou Jianzhu is dead
Junjun is really
No way.
The day we saw him, it was fake. No way
I fought him
I still owe some money
Is there anything else?
Look at this room and this
He must be dead
Do I pray for years
Who did you give the palace to?
Give me the dharma
I want to open my eyes to be true and false
But I won't
You're stupid, just don't let people disturb me, okay?
Open the eyes of the sky
Open the eyes of the sky to see the three realms
Look at the gods and immortals
Looking at the world from the east, Houfu Duan
See the Ghost and See the Tiger Pass
The three kingdoms are like no speech
Eyes wide open